Update documentation for how cards can be configured in the UI (#21556)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/entity-filter.markdown

The Entity Filter card allows you to define a list of entities that you want to track only when in a certain state. Very useful for showing lights that you forgot to turn off or show a list of people only when they're at home.

<p class='img'>
<img src='/images/dashboards/entity_filter.png' alt='Screenshot of the Entity Filter card'>
Screenshot of the Entity Filter card.
</p>

> This type of card can also be used together with rest of cards that allow multiple entities, allowing you to use [glance](/dashboards/glance/) or [picture-glance](/dashboards/picture-glance/). By default it uses [entities](/dashboards/entities/) card model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of card can also be used together with other cards that allow multiple entities, allowing you to use [glance](/dashboards/glance/) or [picture-glance](/dashboards/picture-glance/). By default, it uses the [entities](/dashboards/entities/) card model.
```
